The frontend `Table` component ([/components/common/tables/Table.tsx](https://github.com/eLearning-Plus/learning-platform-frontend/blob/main/components/common/tables/Table.tsx)) is what we use for every table on the platform. We use the TanStack Table library, and the table structure itself is defined in `TableStructure` component (and its child components).

It is wrapped in a context provider, as each table has it's own store. We use Zustand to create and initialise a store within the provider rather than use React's Context API (which would get a little cumbersome and have performance implications). This store holds the entire state of the table, i.e. if it's being ordered, which column it's being ordered by, if the rows are selectable, the current row selection... the list goes on.

The Zustand store is defined in [/components/common/tables/tableContext](https://github.com/eLearning-Plus/learning-platform-frontend/blob/main/components/common/tables/tableContext.tsx) and exports the `useTableContext` hook. The file and hook should probably be renamed to `useTableStore` and moved to the hooks folder for consistency with other zustand stores in the codebase.

We export the TableWithProvider component from `Table` component file as the default export (so we can import it with whatever name we like, but usually this is 'Table'), and we export the table without the provider as `TableWithoutProvider` for certain use cases where we need the table provider to be higher in the component tree, for eample in `BoxContainerTable` component (Where the BoxContainer component also needs access to the table store).

We use createStore within the `createTableStore` function to initialise the Zustand store for each table.